the American dream but at what cost you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you many are starting to say
what we try to have what we want to have
is absolutely impossible in today's day
and age I know so many people that are
struggling other individuals that are
living in major cities that cannot make
ends meet and we are being told don't
worry help is coming help is on the way
but of course it doesn't taxation Rises
price of everything rise and meanwhile
we are just trying to stay afloat in
today's video I'm going to show you
several examples of what's going on
hopefully I can give some tips along the
way for people to ease the burden but
you got to understand we got to pay
attention to all this stuff I'm going to
bring it to you and you could see it for
yourself starting with this it was an
interview an interesting one and the
woman said something like it's the
American dream but at what cost and they
have you know relatively standard
lifestyle there's nothing extravagant
she's saying you know we can't go on
vacation we can't do all these other
things um so we consider ourselves kind
of middle class but she's saying I think
it's more like lower middle class
because we really can't do the things
that we want to and they were totaling
up how much money they had left over and
they had like only a few hundred left I
mean these are the things today that we
didn't have just a few years ago it has
gotten much worse the situation is it's
like a compression that's taking place
hot oil sumers soaring prices threaten
consumers of course they're making this
political but we are seeing it in the
gasoline the energy and so on I'll show
you several examples risk of a 1987
style meltdown Sparks uh roughers record
cash bet all I'm trying to show you here
is that there's all these different
things piling up and some investors
right now they're basically hoarding
cash they're saying uh you know what um
I'm just just too much it's like a
powder keg this thing is about to blow
up and so that's what I worry about
there's just a lot of things it's
election they are talking about now
increasing interest rates or at least
some individuals were suggesting that
and um you know things are very
different than uh what they were let's
say a year ago power bills will keep
Rising even after the FED tames
inflation as utility shell out to
fortify decarbonize and expand their
grids us taxpayers are footing the bill
you must understand that the prices you
pay today will seem like the good old
days are you ready for that are you
prepared for that I know a lot of people
that are not and I'm not trying to you
know put this on you and be the bear bad
news but we got to pay attention and we
got to get to the next level my cover is
up 400% Meet The Americans on the front
line of the the country's home insurance
crisis so you can see that people have
uh pay more than ever before for
insurance for electricity and everything
else it's the property taxes that are
rising it's the repair costs that are
rising Services Goods they're all going
up they're all going up everywhere you
turn this is the CPI for electricity and
you could see that it is as they say
zooming it's going crazy talking about
the the prices yeah relating to 1970s
and so on we don't know where it's going
to end we don't know but I can tell you
right now that people are unprepared
people are struggling as it is and
imagine the situation gets worse look I
got I got a thousand to show you today
how it started how it's going Energy
prices sore again they're making it
political it doesn't it has nothing to
do with that when you devalue a currency
you're going to make it worse you're
going to make it worse it doesn't matter
if it's over four-year period an 8-year
period a 10year period you pick the time
and it just gets worse okay you you can
suggest oh well you know if we get this
guy in or that guy in for the next four
years we're good okay what about after
that what about down what about 20 years
you find me a 20 year period where
things got better there they are very
few and far between let me tell you
there was one example of like if you
wanted to use after World War II things
were growing things were better that's a
different situation all the gold is
coming in all the production is getting
restarted there's a bunch of people
having babies things are getting going
okay and after a a time a period of you
know inactivity or you know wartime prep
and all that stuff and then you go into
like a real economy well that's a whole
different story right prices of things
were cheaper back then I mean there's
there's all kinds of things in relation
to income of course why car insurance
cost skyrocketing and leading to higher
inflation car vehicle prices have risen
quite a bit in fact you know you see
this but we're getting this all the time
we're oh let us buy your car back let us
buy your car back because like the the
things are going by the time you know
these companies they're selling them to
you and then they go up after it is a
massive level of inflation all over the
place isn't it weird it's so strange
it's so strange now this is one perfect
example us Postal Service proposes
raising stamp prices again stamps my
friends St I said stamps yes not the
stamp collection you once heard about or
knew someone that had or maybe even had
yourself but people still buying those
stamps it's still happening snail mail
still exists the only snail mail I
receive is uh nonsense uh in in the mail
99% of it is just flyers and garbage so
but
apparently they're uh increas in the
prices okay we got to get with the times
everything is increasing though and Ryan
Reynolds asked the question but why but
why you remember this movie all right
look at what's going on here we're
seeing the
devaluation and what are we like what is
the response to that devaluation well
central banks they're going away from
the US dollar this this is what this
so we're seeing the gold price go higher
central banks are purchasing gold a lot
of it and they're if you look at the
charts that compare China's us
treasuries or US debt to China's
gold um we could see a direct
relationship between that since
2013 they've been 2013 2014 time frame
they have been slowly but surely if you
look at like the trend line they've been
getting rid of their US debt and instead
they've been purchasing more gold and
that's going to take a long time because
they got a lot of it but the trend is
clearly there other central banks are
doing that too it's not a matter of like
we're going to punish the US no they
they're being sanctioned they they want
to do business in other currencies the
US owns and controls all that stuff so
just saying okay slowly but surely we're
going in this direction we see the
writing on the wall Central centr Bank
gold purchases gold prices of course you
can see that over time certainly been
going up gold boosted uh to new records
as China Beast up their reserves just
looking at that over the last few years
at the same time you could see that gold
is up about 20% over the last 5 months
doubled the S&P 500's return bonds are
down nearly 9% there's a 30% gap between
the performance of gold and bond so
something really crazy is going on right
now with gold what's going on people are
starting to ask that question so what
can we do as individuals of course there
are simple basic things you got to be
buying in bulk you got to understand how
to buy food in bulk you got to prepare
things on your own anytime you can you
got to do things like a simple matter of
fact if you go to some of these discount
places you get the hot peppers you make
the hot pepper sauce at home you will
get probably four to five times more
quantity for the same price okay that's
just one simple example something I did
recently if you like hot peppers you can
get the things you know from when you
buy in bulk you can get um directly from
suppliers you can go out there and get
things that are much cheaper price you
can buy by the case you can go to yeah
you can go to the Costco and things like
that but you can also uh reach out to
the Distributors you can look at you
know whe the I talked about this before
the food terminals so you go to Food
terminals in your city you could find
these things you got to buy by the case
so that means hey I can't have this
whole case what am I going to do you go
to your neighbors you go to your people
in your community and you say look I'm
going to go here every week you want to
split this four ways you got you know
split it four ways we're going to get
some cheaper prices there's also like
depending on where you live uh Amish or
Medan nightes they have their Farms a
lot of times they're a lot cheaper okay
you go to the farmer Farmer we want this
much food we're going to split it
between these few people you do all your
splits it's cheaper you've got to take
action on this there's very important
things if it's cold winter you know you
got to learn how to seal your windows
and doors you got to do these things
because that's just literally money that
could have been saved easy easy easy
things and of course you got to increase
your income as best you can I know
easier said than done but I talk about
that on the Sunday live sessions of
course I got free information too if you
go to my playlists on YouTube you will
see lots of free information if you want
to know more about the Sunday live where
you we work on building online
businesses at as of this recording right
here we just had our Sunday live and I'm
teaching people day by day how to do
this getting them every step of the way
I hope that you will join me on there
I'm getting taught from some of the best
in the world and then I bring that uh to
you guys as at a very very very
affordable price so I hope that you'll
join me on there Link in the description
if you appreciate this information hit
that Thumbs Up Button who else is
actually given Solutions out there come
on I want you to thank me for that by
just hitting that thumbs up button
that's all I ask and I'll see you
tomorrow take care